feat: include func support (#1187)
helmfile/helmfile: docs/templating_funcs.md

```yaml
{{ $expandSecretRefs :=  $value | expandSecretRefs }}
```

#### `include`
The 'include' function allows including and rendering nested templates. The function returns the created template or an error if any occurred. It will load functions from `_*.tpl` files in the directory where the helmfile.yaml is located.

For nested helmfile.yaml files, it will load `_*.tpl` files in the directory where each nested helmfile.yaml is located.
```yaml

> {{ include "my-template" . }}

Reviewer: The introduction here does not let users know how to use include. We can give an example. For example: For examples, please refer to test/integration/test-cases/include-template-func.

```yaml
{{ $expandSecretRefs :=  $value | expandSecretRefs }}
```

#### `include`

> The 'include' function allows including and rendering nested templates. The function returns the created template or an error if any occurred. It will load functions from `_*.tpl` files in the directory specified by the `-f` option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 'include' function allows including and rendering nested templates. The function returns the created template or an error if any occurred. It will load functions from `_*.tpl` files in the directory where the helmfile.yaml is located.

For nested helmfile.yaml files, it will load `_*.tpl` files ni the directory where each nested helmfile.yaml is located.
```

As per https://github.com/helmfile/helmfile/pull/1187/files#r1412908641
